Clarify inheritance examples involving ``super``. (#12870)
ethereum/solidity: docs/contracts/inheritance.rst

        function destroy() public override(Base1, Base2) { super.destroy(); }
    }

Calling a function of ``super`` still only calls a single function (the

> next one defined walking up the flattened inheritance list). However, if

Reviewer: ```suggestion
next one defined walking up the linearized inheritance list). However, if
```

the coding convention of using ``super`` is also used by that function,
the effect is that the calls "walk" up the inheritance list and call all

> definitions that are reachable that way. Thus, in the above example, the

Reviewer: Honestly I find this sentence more confusing than before, especially the `call all definitions` part.

``super.destroy()`` in ``Base2.destroy`` resolves to ``Base1.destroy()``.

> The flattened inheritance list of ``Final`` is (starting with the most

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The linearized inheritance list of ``Final`` is (starting with the most
```

derived contract): Final, Base2, Base1, Destructible, owned.
Although its type is known, the actual function that is called when
using super is not known or set at the definition site by the compiler.

> Instead, ``super`` is evaluated based on inheritence heirarchy that exists

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead, ``super`` is evaluated based on inheritance hierarchy that exists
```

> at the innermost call site. This is similar to how which virtual method
> to call is looked up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
at the innermost call site. This is similar to how virtual methods are looked up.
```
